PurpleWiki version 0.95
=======================

PurpleWiki is a WikiWikiWeb that adds purple numbers to paragraphs,
headers, lists, and other fine-grained elements on a Wiki page.  These
numbers can be used to create links to these specific elements.
Features include:

  * Fine-grained addressability via purple numbers.

  * Transclusions.

  * Blog integration (MovableType and blosxom)

  * Single sign-on via Identity Commons i-names.

  * Modular architecture for maximum customizability.

  * Template based presentation.

DOWNLOAD AND DOCUMENTATION

PurpleWiki is available at:

  http://www.blueoxen.org/tools/purplewiki/

More information and documentation is available at:

  http://purplewiki.blueoxen.net/

INSTALLATION

To install PurpleWiki, you must first install the modules, then
install and configures the scripts you will use.

PurpleWiki has several requirements:

  * A web server that can run CGI programs.

  * Perl version 5.6.0 or greater.

  * The following CPAN modules:

    + AppConfig
    + Algorithm::Diff
    + Authen::Captcha
    + CGI
    + CGI::Carp
    + CGI::Session
    + DB_File
    + LWP::UserAgent
    + Template
    + Text::Diff
    + Text::Wrap
    + XML::RSS

To install the modules, first unpack the distribution.  This will
create a PurpleWiki-0.95 directory.  Change directories, and execute
the following commands:

  perl Makefile.PL
  make
  make test
  make install

To install the Wiki:

  1. Copy the wikidb directory included in the distribution wherever
     you want it.  Copy the directory and all its contents, including
     subdirectories. This directory must be writeable by the web server
     when running CGI scripts.  It should not be in the publically
     accessible htdocs directory.

  2. Edit wiki.pl, changing $CONFIG_DIR to the directory you just
     created.  You can also set this value by setting the environment
     variable PW_CONFIG_DIR.  If you're using Apache, you can do this
     by adding the following to your httpd.conf file:

     SetEnv PW_CONFIG_DIR /var/www/wikidb

     where /var/www/wikidb is the full pathname of your wikidb
     directory.

  3. Copy wiki.pl to your cgi-bin directory.

  4. Edit the config file:

    + Change BaseURL to the URL path of the Wiki CGI
      (e.g. http://foo.bar/cgi-bin/wiki.pl).  It must be a fully
      qualified URL.

    + Change SiteName to the name of the Wiki.

  5. If you would like to change the look-and-feel of the site, edit
     the templates in wikidb/templates.  More information is available
     in docs/Templates.wiki.

The Wiki should now be installed.  To test, point your web browser to
the PurpleWiki URL.  You should see a page called FrontPage that says,
"Describe the new page here."  Clicking "Edit text of this page" will
allow you to edit this page.  Add some text, and click save.  If
everything works, your installation is a success!

If you plan to take advantage of Search modules beyond the default,
read the documentation found within the modules to be found in the
Search directory of your PurpleWiki installation in site_perl or 
elsewhere in @INC. Those files include additional configuration
requirements.

For more information see:

  http://purplewiki.blueoxen.net/cgi-bin/wiki.pl?InstallationTips

COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2002-2004 Blue Oxen Associates.

PurpleWiki is derived from:

  UseModWiki v0.92          (c) Clifford A. Adams 2000-2001
  AtisWiki v0.3             (c) Markus Denker 1998
  CVWiki CVS-patches        (c) Peter Merel 1997
  The Original WikiWikiWeb  (c) Ward Cunningham

PurpleWiki is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the:

   Free Software Foundation, Inc.
   59 Temple Place, Suite 330
   Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

PurpleWiki was inspired by two other derivatives of UseModWiki:

  Wookee
    http://wiki.beyondunreal.com/wiki/Wookee

  TmNetWiki
    http://www.technomanifestos.net/index.pl?The_Network/Source

AUTHORS

Chris Dent <cdent@blueoxen.org>
Eugene Eric Kim <eekim@blueoxen.org>

$Id: README,v 1.8 2004/01/21 23:24:08 cdent Exp $
